Update generic-polling.md (#423)
demisto/content-docs: docs/playbooks/generic-polling.md

## Limitations
* **Global context** is not supported.
* **GenericPolling**  doesn't work properly in the Playground, thus, testing should be done within an incident.
* Does not run from **playground**.
* Polling command must support list argument.
![image](../doc_imgs/playbooks/66293071-7d168880-e8ee-11e9-9d55-e8ae1e09fe0e.png)

## Troubleshooting
* **Playbook is "stuck" on `Waiting for polling to complete`:** Since generic polling schedule tasks outside the context of the playbook (not visible in the playbook run), a lot of errors appear only in the War Room. Go to the incident War Room and check for errors or warnings related to GenericPolling tasks.
* **GenericPolling task is completed but status is still not "finished":** If the timeout was reached, the playbook will succesfully finish even if there are still items that are not completed. Try increasing the timeout value for the GenericPolling task.

> * **The integration returnes an ID not found error when running from GenericPolling, however when running manuualy, it finishes successfully:** Some products cannot handle consequtive requests for querying an action status right after the request to perform the action itself. After you initiate the action, try adding a `sleep` task before calling the **GenericPolling** sub-playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **The integration returnes an ID not found error when running from GenericPolling, however when running manualy, it finishes successfully:** Some products cannot handle consecutive requests for querying an action status right after the request to perform the action itself. After you initiate the action, try adding a `Sleep` task before calling the **GenericPolling** sub-playbook.
```

* Does not run from **playground**.
* Polling command must support list argument.
![image](../doc_imgs/playbooks/66293071-7d168880-e8ee-11e9-9d55-e8ae1e09fe0e.png)

## Troubleshooting
* **Playbook is "stuck" on `Waiting for polling to complete`:** Since generic polling schedule tasks outside the context of the playbook (not visible in the playbook run), a lot of errors appear only in the War Room. Go to the incident War Room and check for errors or warnings related to GenericPolling tasks.

> * **GenericPolling task is completed but status is still not "finished":** If the timeout was reached, the playbook will succesfully finish even if there are still items that are not completed. Try increasing the timeout value for the GenericPolling task.

Reviewer: i think we can remove the note that says exactly that?

Author: Hmmm maybe remove it?

Author: On a second look, I think it is ok to leave it as id
